samples/java_springboot/23.facebook-events/README.md, before:

# Facebook Events

Bot Framework v4 facebook events bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), is shows how to integrate and consume Facebook specific payloads, such as postbacks, quick replies and opt-in events.  Since Bot Framework supports multiple Facebook pages for a single bot, we also show how to know the page to which the message was sent, so developers can have custom behavior per page.

More information about configuring a bot for Facebook Messenger can be found here: [Connect a bot to Facebook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-channel-connect-facebook)

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8+
- Install [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- An account on [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) if you want to deploy to Azure.

## To try this sample locally
- From the root of this project folder:
  - Build the sample using `mvn package`
  - Run it by using `java -jar .\target\facebook-events-sample.jar`

- Test the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

  [Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

  - Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.3.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

  - Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

    - Launch Bot Framework Emulator
    - File -> Open Bot
    - Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Deploy the bot to Azure

As described on [Deploy your bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli), you will perform the first 4 steps to setup the Azure app, then deploy the code using the azure-webapp Maven plugin.

### 1. Login to Azure
From a command (or PowerShell) prompt in the root of the bot folder, execute:  
`az login`
  
### 2. Set the subscription
`az account set --subscription "<azure-subscription>"`

If you aren't sure which subscription to use for deploying the bot, you can view the list of subscriptions for your account by using `az account list` command. 

### 3. Create an App registration
`az ad app create --display-name "<botname>" --password "<appsecret>" --available-to-other-tenants`

Replace `<botname>` and `<appsecret>` with your own values.

`<botname>` is the unique name of your bot.  
`<appsecret>` is a minimum 16 character password for your bot. 

Record the `appid` from the returned JSON

### 4. Create the Azure resources
Replace the values for `<appid>`, `<appsecret>`, `<botname>`, and `<groupname>` in the following commands:

#### To a new Resource Group
`az deployment sub create --name "facebookBotDeploy" --location "westus" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-new-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" botSku=S1 newAppServicePlanName="facebookBotPlan" newWebAppName="facebookBot" groupLocation="westus" newAppServicePlanLocation="westus"` 

#### To an existing Resource Group
`az deployment group create --resource-group "<groupname>" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" newWebAppName="facebookBot" newAppServicePlanName="facebookBotPlan" appServicePlanLocation="westus" --name "facebookBot"`

### 5. Update app id and password
In src/main/resources/application.properties update 
  - `MicrosoftAppPassword` with the botsecret value
  - `MicrosoftAppId` with the appid from the first step

### 6. Deploy the code
- Execute `mvn clean package` 
- Execute `mvn azure-webapp:deploy -Dgroupname="<groupname>" -Dbotname="<botname>"`

If the deployment is successful, you will be able to test it via "Test in Web Chat" from the Azure Portal using the "Bot Channel Registration" for the bot.

After the bot is deployed, you only need to execute #6 if you make changes to the bot.


## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Facebook Quick Replies](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/send-messages/quick-replies/0)
- [Facebook PostBack](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/reference/webhook-events/messaging_postbacks/)
- [Facebook Opt-in](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/reference/webhook-events/messaging_optins/)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

[Samples][Java] Fix disparities of 23.facebook-events sample (#3236)
* Update README

* Remove leaked keys

* Add package-info file

* Relocate classes into root folder

* Remove autogenerated files/folder

* Replace title of index.html

samples/java_springboot/23.facebook-events/README.md, after:

# Facebook Events

Bot Framework v4 facebook events bot sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), is shows how to integrate and consume Facebook specific payloads, such as postbacks, quick replies and opt-in events.  Since Bot Framework supports multiple Facebook pages for a single bot, we also show how to know the page to which the message was sent, so developers can have custom behavior per page.

More information about configuring a bot for Facebook Messenger can be found here: [Connect a bot to Facebook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-channel-connect-facebook)

This sample is a Spring Boot app and uses the Azure CLI and azure-webapp Maven plugin to deploy to Azure.

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8+
- Install [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- An account on [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) if you want to deploy to Azure.
- Enable Facebook Channel
  The final step to test Facebook-specific features is to publish your bot for the Facebook channel. The Bot Framework makes this very easy,
  and the detailed steps are explained in the [Bot Framework Channel Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-channel-connect-facebook?view=azure-bot-service-3.0).

## To try this sample
- From the root of this project folder:
  - Build the sample using `mvn package`
  - Run it by using `java -jar .\target\facebook-events-sample.jar`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Deploy the bot to Azure

As described on [Deploy your bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli), you will perform the first 4 steps to setup the Azure app, then deploy the code using the azure-webapp Maven plugin.

### 1. Login to Azure
From a command (or PowerShell) prompt in the root of the bot folder, execute:  
`az login`
  
### 2. Set the subscription
`az account set --subscription "<azure-subscription>"`

If you aren't sure which subscription to use for deploying the bot, you can view the list of subscriptions for your account by using `az account list` command. 

### 3. Create an App registration
`az ad app create --display-name "<botname>" --password "<appsecret>" --available-to-other-tenants`

Replace `<botname>` and `<appsecret>` with your own values.

`<botname>` is the unique name of your bot.  
`<appsecret>` is a minimum 16 character password for your bot. 

Record the `appid` from the returned JSON

### 4. Create the Azure resources
Replace the values for `<appid>`, `<appsecret>`, `<botname>`, and `<groupname>` in the following commands:

#### To a new Resource Group
```
az deployment sub create --name "facebookBotDeploy" --location "westus" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-new-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" botSku=S1 newAppServicePlanName="facebookBotPlan" newWebAppName="facebookBot" groupLocation="westus" newAppServicePlanLocation="westus" 
```

#### To an existing Resource Group
```
az deployment group create --resource-group "<groupname>" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" newWebAppName="facebookBot" newAppServicePlanName="facebookBotPlan" appServicePlanLocation="westus" --name "facebookBot"
```

### 5. Update app id and password
In src/main/resources/application.properties update 
  - `MicrosoftAppPassword` with the botsecret value
  - `MicrosoftAppId` with the appid from the first step

### 6. Deploy the code
- Execute `mvn clean package` 
- Execute `mvn azure-webapp:deploy -Dgroupname="<groupname>" -Dbotname="<bot-app-service-name>"`

If the deployment is successful, you will be able to test it via "Test in Web Chat" from the Azure Portal using the "Bot Channel Registration" for the bot.

After the bot is deployed, you only need to execute #6 if you make changes to the bot.


## Further reading

- [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [Maven Plugin for Azure App Service](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-maven-plugins/tree/develop/azure-webapp-maven-plugin)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Facebook Quick Replies](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/send-messages/quick-replies/0)
- [Facebook PostBack](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/reference/webhook-events/messaging_postbacks/)
- [Facebook Opt-in](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/reference/webhook-events/messaging_optins/)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Azure for Java cloud developers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/java/?view=azure-java-stable)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
