samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/README.md, before:

﻿# Teams Messaging Extensions Action Preview

Bot Framework v4 Teams Messaging Extension Action Preview sample.

This Messaging Extension has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). It shows how to create a simple card based on parameters entered by the user from a Task Module.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
   - Launch Visual Studio
   - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
   - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview` folder
   - Select `TeamsMessagingExtensionsActionPreview.csproj` file

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the Microsoft App Id and App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot in Teams

> Note the `manifest.json` specifies that this bot will be available in "personal", "team" and "groupchat" scopes and the command will be available in the     "commandBox", "compose" and "message" context.

Click the Messaging Extension icon in the Compose Box's Messaging Extension menu.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)

Commit message:

[53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview]: Sample enhancement for adding user attribution for bot messages JavaScript/NodeJs (#3050)
* User Attribution changes for ME Bot Action Preview

Added user attribution code in exisiting sample

* new line added for formatting

* Made onBehalf of optional for Node Js sample as well

* Updated ReadMe

* ReadMe update

Co-authored-by: Michael Richardson <40401643+mdrichardson@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update samples/javascript_nodejs/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/adaptiveCardHelper.js

Co-authored-by: Michael Richardson <40401643+mdrichardson@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update samples/javascript_nodejs/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/bots/teamsMessagingExtensionsActionPreviewBot.js

Co-authored-by: Michael Richardson <40401643+mdrichardson@users.noreply.github.com>

* Commit these changes

Done

Co-authored-by: Michael Richardson <40401643+mdrichardson@users.noreply.github.com>

* Review Resolve

* Delete README.md

* Revert "Delete README.md"

This reverts commit 2a6100738c6132e94e23d75e7968cc40464e130b.

* ReadmeUpdate

Co-authored-by: Michael Richardson <40401643+mdrichardson@users.noreply.github.com>

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/README.md, after:

﻿# Teams Messaging Extensions Action Preview

Bot Framework v4 Teams Messaging Extension Action Preview sample.

This Messaging Extension has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). 
 - It shows how to create a simple card based on parameters entered by the user from a Task Module.
 - It also displays the scenario where a Bot sends messages on behalf of a User. Attributing the message to that user can help with engagement and showcase a more natural interaction flow.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
   - Launch Visual Studio
   - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
   - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview` folder
   - Select `TeamsMessagingExtensionsActionPreview.csproj` file

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the Microsoft App Id and App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot in Teams

> Note the `manifest.json` specifies that this bot will be available in "personal", "team" and "groupchat" scopes and the command will be available in the     "commandBox", "compose" and "message" context.

Click the Messaging Extension icon in the Compose Box's Messaging Extension menu.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)
