samples/csharp_dotnetcore/52.teams-messaging-extensions-search-auth-config/README.md, before:

﻿# Teams Search Auth Config Bot

Bot Framework v4 sample for Teams expands the [50.teams-messaging-extensions-search](https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/tree/master/samples/javascript_nodejs/50.teams-messaging-extensions-search) sample to include a configuration page and Bot Service authentication.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to use a Messaging Extension configuration page, as well as how to sign in from a search Messaging Extension. In this sample we are assuming the OAuth 2 provider is Azure Active Directory v2 (AADv2) and are utilizing the Microsoft Graph API to retrieve data about the user. Check [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication) for information about getting an AADv2 application setup for use in Azure Bot Service. The scopes used in this sample are the following:

- `email` 
- `openid` 
- `profile` 
- `Mail.Read` 
- `User.Read` 
- `User.ReadBasic.All` 
- `Mail.Send.Shared`

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
   - Launch Visual Studio
   - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
   - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/52.teams-messaging-extensions-search-auth-config` folder
   - Select `TeamsMessagingExtensionsSearchAuthConfig.csproj` file

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the following:
- Microsoft App Id
- App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)
- The AAD ConnectionName from the OAuth Connection Settings on Azure
- The ngrok forwarding url (ie `https://d5b9f739.ngrok.io`) from starting ngrok

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot in Teams

Once the Messaging Extension is installed, click the icon for **Config Auth Search** in the Compose Box's Messaging Extension menu to display the search window.  Left click to choose **Settings** and view the Config page.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)

Commit message:

[52.teams-messaging-extensions-search-auth-config] Sample code enhancement for Action and link unfurling authentication (#3007)
* teams-messaging-extension-auth-config for search action and link unfurling

* Commit Read Me

* ReadMe Fix

* Manifest commit

* Teams messaging extension auth configuration code refactor and issue fix

* Removed unused method along with adaptive card json file.

Co-authored-by: Wajeed-msft <31851992+Wajeed-msft@users.noreply.github.com>

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/52.teams-messaging-extensions-search-auth-config/README.md, after:

﻿# Teams Search Auth Config Bot

Bot Framework v4 sample for Teams expands the [50.teams-messaging-extensions-search](https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/tree/master/samples/javascript_nodejs/50.teams-messaging-extensions-search) sample to include a configuration page and Bot Service authentication.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to use a Messaging Extension configuration page, as well as how to sign in from a search Messaging Extension. In this sample we are assuming the OAuth 2 provider is Azure Active Directory v2 (AADv2) and are utilizing the Microsoft Graph API to retrieve data about the user. Check [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication) for information about getting an AADv2 application setup for use in Azure Bot Service. The scopes used in this sample are the following:

- `email` 
- `openid` 
- `profile` 
- `Mail.Read` 
- `User.Read` 
- `User.ReadBasic.All` 
- `Mail.Send.Shared`

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## Description

- Teams Messaging Extension Auth Configuration [AAD Authentication] for search, action and link unfurling combined in the sample. 
-[Add Authentication to your Bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/authentication/add-authentication?tabs=dotnet%2Cdotnet-sample#create-the-bot-channels-registration)


## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
   - Launch Visual Studio
   - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
   - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/52.teams-messaging-extensions-search-auth-config` folder
   - Select `TeamsMessagingExtensionsSearchAuthConfig.csproj` file

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the following:
- Microsoft App Id
- App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)
- The AAD ConnectionName from the OAuth Connection Settings on Azure
- The ngrok forwarding url (ie `https://d5b9f739.ngrok.io`) from starting ngrok

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot in Teams

Once the Messaging Extension is installed, click the icon for **Config Auth Search** in the Compose Box's Messaging Extension menu to display the search window.  Left click to choose **Settings** and view the Config page.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)
