INSTALLING_CLI_TOOLS.md, before:

## Installing CLI tools

The Bot Framework now has CLI tools to help quickly create bots and bot-specific resources such as LUIS and QnA Maker. Additionally, it's now possible for users to deploy bots from their CLI using these tools.

|   | Tool | Description |
|---|------|--------------|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/chatdown.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/chatdown) | [Chatdown](packages/Chatdown) | Prototype mock conversations in markdown and convert the markdown to transcripts you can load and view in the new V4 Bot Framework Emulator |
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/msbot.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/msbot) |[MSBot](packages/MSBot)| Create and manage connected services in your bot configuration file|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/ludown.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/ludown) |[LUDown](packages/Ludown)| Build LUIS language understanding models using markdown files|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/luis-apis.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/luis-apis) |[LUIS](packages/LUIS)| Create and manage your [LUIS.ai](http://luis.ai) applications |
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/qnamaker.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/qnamaker) |[QnAMaker](packages/QnAMaker) | Create and manage [QnAMaker.ai](http://qnamaker.ai) Knowledge Bases. |
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/botdispatch.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/botdispatch) | [Dispatch](packages/Dispatch) | Build language models allowing you to dispatch between disparate components (such as QnA, LUIS and custom code)|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/luisgen.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/luisgen)| [LUISGen](packages/LUISGen) | Auto generate backing C#/Typescript classes for your LUIS intents and entities.|

## Install CLI tools:
Pre-requisites:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 10.14 or higher
- [dotnetcore 2.1](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1) for `luisgen` and `botdispatch`

Windows users can type the following into their CLI to install the tools:
```bash
npm i -g chatdown msbot ludown luis-apis qnamaker botdispatch luisgen
```

For Linux users, to install NPM modules globally you need to use `sudo`:
```bash
sudo npm i -g chatdown msbot ludown luis-apis qnamaker botdispatch luisgen
```

Commit message:

Added legacy notice (#1812)
* Added legacy notice

* Update INSTALLING_CLI_TOOLS.md

Co-Authored-By: Christopher Anderson <chrande@microsoft.com>

INSTALLING_CLI_TOOLS.md, after:


## The new BF CLI replaces legacy standalone tools

The Bot Framework SDK team is happy to announce the General Availability of the consolidated bot framework CLI tool [bf-cli](https://aka.ms/bfcli). The new BF CLI tool will replace legacy standalone tools to manage Bot Framework bots and related services. The old tools will be ported over in phases and all new features, bug fixes, and further investments will focus on the new BF CLI.  Old tools will still work for the time being, but they are going to be deprecated in future releases.

Upon the release of Bot Framework SDK version 4.6 the following legacy tools have been ported: Chatdown, QnAMaker, LuisGen, and LuDown.

To learn more about the BF CLI please visit the [BF CLI github repository](https://aka.ms/bfcli).

__The following page is about the legacy tools.__

## Installing CLI tools

The Bot Framework now has CLI tools to help quickly create bots and bot-specific resources such as LUIS and QnA Maker. Additionally, it's now possible for users to deploy bots from their CLI using these tools.

|   | Tool | Description |
|---|------|--------------|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/chatdown.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/chatdown) | [Chatdown](packages/Chatdown) | Prototype mock conversations in markdown and convert the markdown to transcripts you can load and view in the new V4 Bot Framework Emulator |
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/msbot.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/msbot) |[MSBot](packages/MSBot)| Create and manage connected services in your bot configuration file|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/ludown.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/ludown) |[LUDown](packages/Ludown)| Build LUIS language understanding models using markdown files|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/luis-apis.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/luis-apis) |[LUIS](packages/LUIS)| Create and manage your [LUIS.ai](http://luis.ai) applications |
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/qnamaker.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/qnamaker) |[QnAMaker](packages/QnAMaker) | Create and manage [QnAMaker.ai](http://qnamaker.ai) Knowledge Bases. |
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/botdispatch.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/botdispatch) | [Dispatch](packages/Dispatch) | Build language models allowing you to dispatch between disparate components (such as QnA, LUIS and custom code)|
| [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/luisgen.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/luisgen)| [LUISGen](packages/LUISGen) | Auto generate backing C#/Typescript classes for your LUIS intents and entities.|

## Install CLI tools:
Pre-requisites:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 10.14 or higher
- [dotnetcore 2.1](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1) for `luisgen` and `botdispatch`

Windows users can type the following into their CLI to install the tools:
```bash
npm i -g chatdown msbot ludown luis-apis qnamaker botdispatch luisgen
```

For Linux users, to install NPM modules globally you need to use `sudo`:
```bash
sudo npm i -g chatdown msbot ludown luis-apis qnamaker botdispatch luisgen
```
