samples/python/15.handling-attachments/README.md, before:

# Handling Attachments

Bot Framework v4 handling attachments bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to send outgoing attachments and how to save attachments to disk.

## Running the sample
- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```
- Bring up a terminal, navigate to `botbuilder-samples\samples\python\15.handling-attachments` folder
- Activate your desired virtual environment
- In the terminal, type `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run your bot with `python app.py`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator
[Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to bot using Bot Framework Emulator
- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Paste this URL in the emulator window - http://localhost:3978/api/messages

## Attachments

A message exchange between user and bot may contain cards and media attachments, such as images, video, audio, and files.
The types of attachments that may be sent and received varies by channel. Additionally, a bot may also receive file attachments.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

# Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Attachments](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/nodejs/bot-builder-nodejs-send-receive-attachments?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)

Commit message:

Add link to specific teams attachment sample from sample 15.

samples/python/15.handling-attachments/README.md, after:

# Handling Attachments

Bot Framework v4 handling attachments bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to send outgoing attachments and how to save attachments to disk.

> **NOTE: A specific example for Microsoft Teams, demonstrating how to
upload files to Teams from a bot and how to receive a file sent to a bot as an attachment, can be found [here](../56.teams-file-upload)**

## Running the sample
- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```
- Bring up a terminal, navigate to `botbuilder-samples\samples\python\15.handling-attachments` folder
- Activate your desired virtual environment
- In the terminal, type `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run your bot with `python app.py`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator
[Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to bot using Bot Framework Emulator
- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Paste this URL in the emulator window - http://localhost:3978/api/messages

## Attachments

A message exchange between user and bot may contain cards and media attachments, such as images, video, audio, and files.
The types of attachments that may be sent and received varies by channel. Additionally, a bot may also receive file attachments.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

# Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Attachments](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/nodejs/bot-builder-nodejs-send-receive-attachments?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
