samples/csharp_dotnetcore/51.teams-messaging-extensions-action/README.md, before:

﻿# Teams Messaging Extensions Action

[Messaging Extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/what-are-messaging-extensions) are a special kind of Microsoft Teams application that is support by the [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com) v4.

There are two basic types of Messaging Extension in Teams: [Search-based](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/how-to/search-commands/define-search-command) and [Action-based](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/how-to/action-commands/define-action-command). This sample illustrates how to
build an Action-based Messaging Extension.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
   - Launch Visual Studio
   - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
   - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/51.teams-messaging-extensions-action` folder
   - Select `TeamsMessagingExtensionsAction.csproj` file

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the Microsoft App Id and App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot in Teams

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the bot will be called from both the `compose` and `message` areas of Teams. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

1) Selecting the **Create Card** command from the Compose Box command list. The parameters dialog will be displayed and can be submitted to initiate the card creation within the Messaging Extension code.

or

2) Selecting the **Share Message** command from the Message command list.

or

3) Selecting the **Fetch Roster** command from the Compose Box command list. You will presented with prompt for Just In Time installation if app is not already added to current team/chat.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)

Commit message:

Messaging Extension task Module commands
1. Adaptive  Card
2. HTML Razor page
3. MVC web view
4. Razor view

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/51.teams-messaging-extensions-action/README.md, after:

﻿# Teams Messaging Extensions Action

[Messaging Extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/what-are-messaging-extensions) are a special kind of Microsoft Teams application that is support by the [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com) v4.

There are two basic types of Messaging Extension in Teams: [Search-based](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/how-to/search-commands/define-search-command) and [Action-based](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/messaging-extensions/how-to/action-commands/define-action-command). This sample illustrates how to
build an Action-based Messaging Extension.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
   - Launch Visual Studio
   - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
   - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/51.teams-messaging-extensions-action` folder
   - Select `TeamsMessagingExtensionsAction.csproj` file

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the Microsoft App Id and App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot in Teams

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the bot will be called from both the `compose` and `message` areas of Teams. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

1) Selecting the **Create Card** command from the Compose Box command list. The parameters dialog will be displayed and can be submitted to initiate the card creation within the Messaging Extension code.

or

2) Selecting the **Share Message** command from the Message command list.

or

3) Selecting the **Fetch Roster** command from the Compose Box command list. You will presented with prompt for Just In Time installation if app is not already added to current team/chat.

or

4) Selecting the **createAdaptiveCard** command from the Compose Box command list. You will presented with adaptive card within task Module, which you can send in the Chat.

or

5) Selecting the **webView** command from the Compose Box command list. You will presented with a MVC driven web view which will be displayed in task module

or

6) Selecting the **HTML** command from the Compose Box command list. You will presented with a normal HTML razor page.

or

7) Selecting the **razorView** command from the Compose Box command list. You will presented with a normal  razor view page.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)
