samples/java_springboot/03.welcome-user/README.md, before:

# Welcome users bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), is shows how to welcome users when they join the conversation.

This sample is a Spring Boot app and uses the Azure CLI and azure-webapp Maven plugin to deploy to Azure.

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8+
- Install [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- An account on [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) if you want to deploy to Azure.

## To try this sample locally
- From the root of this project folder:
  - Build the sample using `mvn package`
  - Run it by using `java -jar .\target\bot-welcomeuser-sample.jar`

- Test the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

  [Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

  - Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.3.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

  - Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

    - Launch Bot Framework Emulator
    - File -> Open Bot
    - Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Deploy the bot to Azure

As described on [Deploy your bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli), you will perform the first 4 steps to setup the Azure app, then deploy the code using the azure-webapp Maven plugin.

### 1. Login to Azure
From a command (or PowerShell) prompt in the root of the bot folder, execute:  
`az login`
  
### 2. Set the subscription
`az account set --subscription "<azure-subscription>"`

If you aren't sure which subscription to use for deploying the bot, you can view the list of subscriptions for your account by using `az account list` command. 

### 3. Create an App registration
`az ad app create --display-name "<botname>" --password "<appsecret>" --available-to-other-tenants`

Replace `<botname>` and `<appsecret>` with your own values.

`<botname>` is the unique name of your bot.  
`<appsecret>` is a minimum 16 character password for your bot. 

Record the `appid` from the returned JSON

### 4. Create the Azure resources
Replace the values for `<appid>`, `<appsecret>`, `<botname>`, and `<groupname>` in the following commands:

#### To a new Resource Group
`az deployment sub create --name "welcomBotDeploy" --location "westus" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-new-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" botSku=S1 newAppServicePlanName="welcomBotPlan" newWebAppName="welcomBot" groupLocation="westus" newAppServicePlanLocation="westus"`

#### To an existing Resource Group
`az deployment group create --resource-group "<groupname>" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" newWebAppName="welcomBot" newAppServicePlanName="welcomBotPlan" appServicePlanLocation="westus" --name "welcomBot"`

### 5. Update app id and password
In src/main/resources/application.properties update 
  - `MicrosoftAppPassword` with the botsecret value
  - `MicrosoftAppId` with the appid from the first step

### 6. Deploy the code
- Execute `mvn clean package` 
- Execute `mvn azure-webapp:deploy -Dgroupname="<groupname>" -Dbotname="<botname>"`

If the deployment is successful, you will be able to test it via "Test in Web Chat" from the Azure Portal using the "Bot Channel Registration" for the bot.

After the bot is deployed, you only need to execute #6 if you make changes to the bot.


## Further reading

- [Maven Plugin for Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/maven/azure-webapp-maven-plugin/readme?view=azure-java-stable)
- [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [Azure for Java cloud developers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/java/?view=azure-java-stable)
- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

[Samples][Java] Fix disparities of 03.welcome-user sample (#3198)
* Add changes / fixes for bot 3.welcome-user

* Fix code changes

* Add corrections in readme

Co-authored-by: matiasroldan6 <matias.roldan@southworks.com>

samples/java_springboot/03.welcome-user/README.md, after:

# Welcome users bot sample

Bot Framework v4 welcome users bot sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), is shows how to welcome users when they join the conversation.

This sample is a Spring Boot app and uses the Azure CLI and azure-webapp Maven plugin to deploy to Azure.

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8+
- Install [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- An account on [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) if you want to deploy to Azure.

## To try this sample
- From the root of this project folder:
  - Build the sample using `mvn package`
  - Run it by using `java -jar .\target\bot-welcomeuser-sample.jar`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

## Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator
  - Launch Bot Framework Emulator
  - File -> Open Bot
  - Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

With the Bot Framework Emulator connected to your running bot, the sample will greet you with welcome messages. See [Send welcome message to users](https://aka.ms/botframework-welcome-instructions) for additional information on how a bot can welcome users to a conversation.

## Interacting with the bot

The primary goal when creating any bot is to engage your user in a  meaningful conversation. One of the best ways to achieve this goal is to ensure that from the moment a user first connects, they understand your bot’s main purpose and capabilities, the reason your bot was created.  See [Send welcome message to users](https://aka.ms/botframework-welcome-instructions) for additional information on how a bot can welcome users to a conversation.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

As described on [Deploy your bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli), you will perform the first 4 steps to setup the Azure app, then deploy the code using the azure-webapp Maven plugin.

### 1. Login to Azure
From a command (or PowerShell) prompt in the root of the bot folder, execute:  
`az login`

### 2. Set the subscription
`az account set --subscription "<azure-subscription>"`

If you aren't sure which subscription to use for deploying the bot, you can view the list of subscriptions for your account by using `az account list` command. 

### 3. Create an App registration
`az ad app create --display-name "<botname>" --password "<appsecret>" --available-to-other-tenants`

Replace `<botname>` and `<appsecret>` with your own values.

`<botname>` is the unique name of your bot.  
`<appsecret>` is a minimum 16 character password for your bot. 

Record the `appid` from the returned JSON

### 4. Create the Azure resources
Replace the values for `<appid>`, `<appsecret>`, `<botname>`, and `<groupname>` in the following commands:

#### To a new Resource Group
```
az deployment sub create --name "welcomeBotDeploy" --location "westus" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-new-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" botSku=S1 newAppServicePlanName="welcomeBotPlan" newWebAppName="welcomeBot" groupLocation="westus" newAppServicePlanLocation="westus"
```

#### To an existing Resource Group
```
az deployment group create --resource-group "<groupname>" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" newWebAppName="welcomeBot" newAppServicePlanName="welcomeBotPlan" appServicePlanLocation="westus" --name "welcomeBot"
```

### 5. Update app id and password
In src/main/resources/application.properties update 
  - `MicrosoftAppPassword` with the botsecret value
  - `MicrosoftAppId` with the appid from the first step

### 6. Deploy the code
- Execute `mvn clean package` 
- Execute `mvn azure-webapp:deploy -Dgroupname="<groupname>" -Dbotname="<bot-app-service-name>"`

If the deployment is successful, you will be able to test it via "Test in Web Chat" from the Azure Portal using the "Bot Channel Registration" for the bot.

After the bot is deployed, you only need to execute #6 if you make changes to the bot.


## Further reading

- [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [Maven Plugin for Azure App Service](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-maven-plugins/tree/develop/azure-webapp-maven-plugin)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Azure for Java cloud developers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/java/?view=azure-java-stable)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
