experimental/adaptive-dialog/docs/memory-model-overview.md, before:

# Managing state
See [here][1] for an overview of state management in BotBuilder V4 SDK. 

State within a bot follows the same paradigms as modern web applications, and the Bot Framework SDK provides some abstractions to make state management easier.

As with web apps, a bot is inherently stateless; a different instance of your bot may handle any given turn of the conversation. For some bots, this simplicity is preferred - the bot can either operate without additional information, or the information required is guaranteed to be within the incoming message. For others, state (such as where in the conversation we are or previously received data about the user) is necessary for the bot to have a useful conversation.

[Adaptive dialogs][2] provides a way to access and manage memory. All adaptive dialogs by default use this model so all components that consume or contribute to memory have a common way to access and write information to appropriate scopes. 

All memory properties, in all memory scopes, are property bags, meaning you can store arbitrary information on them.

See [here][3] for guidance on when to use each scope. 

Here are the different memory scopes available - 
- [Managing state](#managing-state)
  - [User scope](#user-scope)
  - [Conversation scope](#conversation-scope)
  - [Dialog scope](#dialog-scope)
    - [Dialog sub-scopes](#dialog-sub-scopes)
  - [Turn scope](#turn-scope)
    - [Turn sub-scopes](#turn-sub-scopes)
  - [Settings scope](#settings-scope)
  - [Memory short-hand notations](#memory-short-hand-notations)

## User scope
User scope is persistent data scoped to the id of the user you are conversing with.  
    
Examples:

    user.name
    user.address.city

## Conversation scope
Conversation scope is persistent data scoped to the id of the conversation you are having.  

Examples:

    conversation.hasAcceptedTOU
    conversation.dateStarted
    conversation.lastMaleReference
    conversation.lastFemaleReference
    conversation.lastLocationReference

## Dialog scope
Dialog scope is persistent data scoped for a giving executing dialog, providing an memory space for each dialog to have internal persistent bookkeeping. Dialog scope is cleared when dialog ends. You can access properties available under the `dialog.XXX` scope via `$XXX`. `$` is a shorthand for `dialog` memory scope.

Examples:
```markdown
    dialog.orderStarted

    > same as 
    $orderStarted

    dialog.shoppingCart

    > same as
    $shoppingCart
```

### Dialog sub-scopes
- `dialog.options` scope by default carry parameters/ input to the specific dialog being executed. 
- `dialog.foreach` scope by default carry dialog.foreach.value and dialog.foreach.index and are available to actions within a `forEach` action. 

## Turn scope
Turn scope is *non-persistent* data scoped for *only the current turn*, providing a place to share data for the lifetime of the current turn.  

Examples:

    turn.bookingConfirmation
    turn.actvityProcessed

### Turn sub-scopes
- `turn.activity` - Each incoming [activity][5] to the bot is available via turn.activity scope.
- `turn.recognized` For each turn of the conversation, if a [recognizer][4] is run, then the output intents and entities from that recognizer are automatically set. 
    - `turn.recognized.intents.xxx` - path to the top intent classified by the recognizer for that turn.
    - `turn.recognized.entities.xxx` - path to entities recognized for that turn.
    - `turn.recognized.score` - path to the top scoring intent's confidence score.
- `turn.dialogEvent` - The payload of an event raised by the system (or via user code) is available under turn.dialogEvent.\<eventName\>.value scope.
- `turn.lastresult` - The result from the last dialog that was called.
- `turn.activityProcessed` - Bool property which if set means that the turncontet.activity has been consumed by some component in the system.

## Settings scope
This represents any settings that are made available to the bot via the platform specific settings configuration system - e.g. appsettings.json, .env, dynamic environment setting in Azure etc. 

Examples: 
```markdown
    settings.luis.appID
    settings.qna.kbId
```


## Memory short-hand notations
There are few short-hand notations supported to access specific memory scopes. 

| Symbol | Usage            | Expansion                           | Notes                                                                                                                 |
|--------|------------------|-------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| $      | $userName        | dialog.userName                     | Short hand notation that can be used to simply get or set a value on the dialog scope                                 |
| #      | #intentName      | turn.recognized.intents.intentName  | Short hand used to denote a named intent returned by the recognizer                                                   |
| @      | @entityName      | turn.recognized.entities.entityName | @entityName will always **only** return the first value found for the entity immaterial of the value's cardinality    |
| @@     | @@entityName     | turn.recognized.entities.entityName | @@entityName will return the actual value of the entity, preserving the value's cardinality                           | 
| %      | %propertyName    | class.propertyName        | Used to refer to instance properties (e.g. MaxTurnCount, DefaultValue etc)                                                    |


[1]:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-state?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
[2]:../README.md
[3]:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-state?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#when-to-use-each-type-of-state
[4]:./recognizers-rules-steps-reference.md#Recognizers
[5]:https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder/blob/master/specs/botframework-activity/botframework-activity.md

Commit message:

Adaptive dialogs - docs, sample updates - R8 release (#2266)
* code based adaptive samples.

* Updates to declarative samples

* removing bad assets.

* Fixup validation.

* adding sample to show composer dialog integration

* Finalizing doc updates

* updaes to csproj

* fix var naming

experimental/adaptive-dialog/docs/memory-model-overview.md, after:

# Managing state
See [here][1] for an overview of state management in BotBuilder V4 SDK. 

State within a bot follows the same paradigms as modern web applications, and the Bot Framework SDK provides some abstractions to make state management easier.

As with web apps, a bot is inherently stateless; a different instance of your bot may handle any given turn of the conversation. For some bots, this simplicity is preferred - the bot can either operate without additional information, or the information required is guaranteed to be within the incoming message. For others, state (such as where in the conversation we are or previously received data about the user) is necessary for the bot to have a useful conversation.

[Adaptive dialogs][2] provides a way to access and manage memory. All adaptive dialogs by default use this model so all components that consume or contribute to memory have a common way to access and write information to appropriate scopes. 

All memory properties, in all memory scopes, are property bags, meaning you can store arbitrary information on them.

See [here][3] for guidance on when to use each scope. 

Here are the different memory scopes available - 
- [Managing state](#managing-state)
  - [User scope](#user-scope)
  - [Conversation scope](#conversation-scope)
  - [Dialog scope](#dialog-scope)
    - [Dialog sub-scopes](#dialog-sub-scopes)
  - [Turn scope](#turn-scope)
    - [Turn sub-scopes](#turn-sub-scopes)
  - [Settings scope](#settings-scope)
  - [This scope](#this-scope)
  - [Class scope](#class-scope)
  - [Memory short-hand notations](#memory-short-hand-notations)

## User scope
User scope is persistent data scoped to the id of the user you are conversing with.  
    
Examples:

    user.name
    user.address.city

## Conversation scope
Conversation scope is persistent data scoped to the id of the conversation you are having.  

Examples:

    conversation.hasAcceptedTOU
    conversation.dateStarted
    conversation.lastMaleReference
    conversation.lastFemaleReference
    conversation.lastLocationReference

## Dialog scope
Dialog scope is persistent data scoped for a giving executing dialog, providing an memory space for each dialog to have internal persistent bookkeeping. Dialog scope is cleared when dialog ends. You can access properties available under the `dialog.XXX` scope via `$XXX`. `$` is a shorthand for `dialog` memory scope.

Examples:
```markdown
    dialog.orderStarted

    > same as 
    $orderStarted

    dialog.shoppingCart

    > same as
    $shoppingCart
```

### Dialog sub-scopes
- `dialog.options` scope by default carry parameters/ input to the specific dialog being executed. 
- `dialog.foreach` scope by default carry dialog.foreach.value and dialog.foreach.index and are available to actions within a `forEach` action. 

## Turn scope
Turn scope is *non-persistent* data scoped for *only the current turn*, providing a place to share data for the lifetime of the current turn.  

Examples:

    turn.bookingConfirmation
    turn.actvityProcessed

### Turn sub-scopes
- `turn.activity` - Each incoming [activity][5] to the bot is available via turn.activity scope.
- `turn.recognized` For each turn of the conversation, if a [recognizer][4] is run, then the output intents and entities from that recognizer are automatically set. 
    - `turn.recognized.intents.xxx` - path to the top intent classified by the recognizer for that turn.
    - `turn.recognized.entities.xxx` - path to entities recognized for that turn.
    - `turn.recognized.score` - path to the top scoring intent's confidence score.
- `turn.dialogEvent` - The payload of an event raised by the system (or via user code) is available under turn.dialogEvent.\<eventName\>.value scope.
- `turn.lastresult` - The result from the last dialog that was called.
- `turn.activityProcessed` - Bool property which if set means that the turncontet.activity has been consumed by some component in the system.
- `turn.interrupted` - set to true if an interruption has occurred. 


## Settings scope
This represents any settings that are made available to the bot via the platform specific settings configuration system - e.g. appsettings.json, .env, dynamic environment setting in Azure etc. 

Examples: 
```markdown
    settings.luis.appID
    settings.qna.kbId
```

## This scope
`This` scope pertains the active action's property bag. This is helpful for input actions since their lifetype typically lasts beyond a single turn of the conversation.
- `this.value` holds the current recognized value for the input. 
- `this.turnCount` holds the number of times the missing information has been prompted for this input. 

## Class scope
This holds the instance properties of the active dialog. e.g. Helpful for something like an input to refer to instance properties within LG

```C#
new TextInput()
{
  Property = "user.age"
  Prompt = new ActivityTemplate("What is your age?"),
  DefaultValue = "30",
  DefaultValueResponse = new ActivityTemplate("Sorry, I'm not getting it inspite of you trying ${this.turnCount} number of times. \n I'm going with ${class.defaultValue} for now.")
}
```

## Memory short-hand notations
There are few short-hand notations supported to access specific memory scopes. 

| Symbol | Usage            | Expansion                           | Notes                                                                                                                 |
|--------|------------------|-------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| $      | $userName        | dialog.userName                     | Short hand notation that can be used to simply get or set a value on the dialog scope                                 |
| #      | #intentName      | turn.recognized.intents.intentName  | Short hand used to denote a named intent returned by the recognizer                                                   |
| @      | @entityName      | turn.recognized.entities.entityName | @entityName will always **only** return the first value found for the entity immaterial of the value's cardinality    |
| @@     | @@entityName     | turn.recognized.entities.entityName | @@entityName will return the actual value of the entity, preserving the value's cardinality                           | 
| %      | %propertyName    | class.propertyName        | Used to refer to instance properties (e.g. MaxTurnCount, DefaultValue etc)                                                    |


[1]:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-state?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
[2]:../README.md
[3]:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-state?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#when-to-use-each-type-of-state
[4]:./recognizers-rules-steps-reference.md#Recognizers
[5]:https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder/blob/master/specs/botframework-activity/botframework-activity.md
