samples/javascript_nodejs/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/README.md, before:

# TeamsMessagingExtensionsActionPreviewBot

Bot Framework v4 Teams Messaging Extension Action Preview sample.

This Messaging Extension has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). It shows how to create a simple card based on parameters entered by the user from a Task Module.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solition is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/56.teams-file-upload`

1) Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```
1) Create [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework), using the current https URL you were given by running ngrok.

1) Update the `.env` configuration for the bot to use the app id and app password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the app password is referred to as the client secret in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) *This step is specific to Teams.* **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your app if from Bot Framework everywhere you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-BOT-ID>>`.
**Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`. **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot at the command line:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

### Interacting with the Messaging Extension

> Note the `manifest.json` specifies that this bot will be available in "personal", "team" and "groupchat" scopes and the command will be available in the     "commandBox", "compose" and "message" context.

Click the Messaging Extension icon in the Compose Box's Messaging Extension menu.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Create a bot for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

add ensure that you have enabled

samples/javascript_nodejs/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/README.md, after:

# TeamsMessagingExtensionsActionPreviewBot

Bot Framework v4 Teams Messaging Extension Action Preview sample.

This Messaging Extension has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). It shows how to create a simple card based on parameters entered by the user from a Task Module.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solition is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/56.teams-file-upload`

1) Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```
1) Create [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework), using the current https URL you were given by running ngrok. Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

1) Update the `.env` configuration for the bot to use the app id and app password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the app password is referred to as the client secret in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) *This step is specific to Teams.* **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your app if from Bot Framework everywhere you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-BOT-ID>>`.
**Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`. **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot at the command line:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

### Interacting with the Messaging Extension

> Note the `manifest.json` specifies that this bot will be available in "personal", "team" and "groupchat" scopes and the command will be available in the     "commandBox", "compose" and "message" context.

Click the Messaging Extension icon in the Compose Box's Messaging Extension menu.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Create a bot for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
