samples/csharp_dotnetcore/81.skills-skilldialog/README.md, before:

# SkillDialog

Bot Framework v4 Skills with Dialogs sample.

This bot has been created using the [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com); it shows how to use a skill dialog from a root bot.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## Key concepts in this sample

The solution uses dialogs, within both a parent bot (`DialogRootBot`) and a skill bot (`DialogSkillBot`).
It demonstrates how to post activities from the parent bot to the skill bot and return the skill responses to the user.

- `DialogRootBot`: this project shows how to consume a skill bot using a `SkillDialog`. It includes:
  - A [root dialog](DialogRootBot/Dialogs/MainDialog.cs) that can call different actions on a skill using a `SkillDialog`:
    - To send events activities.
    - To send message activities.
    - To cancel a `SkillDialog` using `CancelAllDialogsAsync` that automatically sends an `EndOfConversation` activity to remotely let a skill know that it needs to end a conversation.
  - A sample [AdapterWithErrorHandler](DialogRootBot/AdapterWithErrorHandler.cs) adapter that shows how to handle errors, terminate skills and send traces back to the emulator to help debugging the bot.
  - A sample [AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator](DialogRootBot/Authentication/AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator.cs) class that shows how to validate that responses sent to the bot are coming from the configured skills.
  - A [Logger Middleware](DialogRootBot/Middleware/LoggerMiddleware.cs) that shows how to handle and log activities coming from a skill.
  - A [SkillConversationIdFactory](DialogRootBot/SkillConversationIdFactory.cs) based on `IStorage` used to create and maintain conversation IDs to interact with a skill.
  - A [SkillsConfiguration](DialogRootBot/SkillsConfiguration.cs) class that can load skill definitions from the appsettings.json file.
  - A [startup](DialogRootBot/Startup.cs) class that shows how to register the different root bot components for dependency injection.
  - A [SkillController](DialogRootBot/Controllers/SkillController.cs) that handles skill responses.

- `DialogSkillBot`: this project shows a modified CoreBot that acts as a skill. It receives event and message activities from the parent bot and executes the requested tasks. This project includes:
  - An [ActivityRouterDialog](DialogSkillBot/Dialogs/ActivityRouterDialog.cs) that handles Event and Message activities coming from a parent and performs different tasks.
    - Event activities are routed to specific dialogs using the parameters provided in the `Values` property of the activity.
    - Message activities are sent to LUIS if configured and trigger the desired tasks if the intent is recognized.
  - A sample [ActivityHandler](DialogSkillBot/Bots/SkillBot.cs) that uses the `RunAsync` method on `ActivityRouterDialog`.
    
    Note: Starting in Bot Framework 4.8, the `RunAsync` method adds support to automatically send `EndOfConversation` with return values when the bot is running as a skill and the current dialog ends. It also handles reprompt messages to resume a skill where it left of.
  - A sample [SkillAdapterWithErrorHandler](DialogSkillBot/SkillAdapterWithErrorHandler.cs) adapter that shows how to handle errors, terminate the skills, send traces back to the emulator to help debugging the bot and send `EndOfConversation` messages to the parent bot with details of the error.
  - A sample [AllowedCallersClaimsValidator](DialogSkillBot/Authentication/AllowedCallersClaimsValidator.cs) that shows how to validate that the skill is only invoked from a list of allowed callers
  - A [startup](DialogSkillBot/Startup.cs) class that shows how to register the different skill components for dependency injection.
  - A [sample skill manifest](DialogSkillBot/wwwroot/manifest/dialogchildbot-manifest-1.0.json) that describes what the skill can do.

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository.

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
  ```

- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the `DialogSkillBot` and update [DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json](DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId and password.
- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the DialogRootBot and update [DialogRootBot/appsettings.json](DialogRootBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId and password. 
- Update the BotFrameworkSkills section in [DialogRootBot/appsettings.json](DialogRootBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId for the skill you created in the previous step.
- (Optional) Configure the LuisAppId, LuisAPIKey and LuisAPIHostName section in the [DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json](DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json) if you want to run message activities through LUIS.
- Open the `SkillDialogSample.sln` solution and configure it to [start debugging with multiple processes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/debug-multiple-processes?view=vs-2019#start-debugging-with-multiple-processes).

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.8.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`, the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` for the `DialogRootBot`

## Deploy the bots to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

Commit message:

Updated appsettings.json to have empty appIds and passwords. Removed validation for MicrosoftAppId from RootBot and MainDialog (since now this is allowed). Updated readme files to note that now appId and passwords are optional.

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/81.skills-skilldialog/README.md, after:

# SkillDialog

Bot Framework v4 Skills with Dialogs sample.

This bot has been created using the [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com); it shows how to use a skill dialog from a root bot.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## Key concepts in this sample

The solution uses dialogs, within both a parent bot (`DialogRootBot`) and a skill bot (`DialogSkillBot`).
It demonstrates how to post activities from the parent bot to the skill bot and return the skill responses to the user.

- `DialogRootBot`: this project shows how to consume a skill bot using a `SkillDialog`. It includes:
  - A [root dialog](DialogRootBot/Dialogs/MainDialog.cs) that can call different actions on a skill using a `SkillDialog`:
    - To send events activities.
    - To send message activities.
    - To cancel a `SkillDialog` using `CancelAllDialogsAsync` that automatically sends an `EndOfConversation` activity to remotely let a skill know that it needs to end a conversation.
  - A sample [AdapterWithErrorHandler](DialogRootBot/AdapterWithErrorHandler.cs) adapter that shows how to handle errors, terminate skills and send traces back to the emulator to help debugging the bot.
  - A sample [AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator](DialogRootBot/Authentication/AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator.cs) class that shows how to validate that responses sent to the bot are coming from the configured skills.
  - A [Logger Middleware](DialogRootBot/Middleware/LoggerMiddleware.cs) that shows how to handle and log activities coming from a skill.
  - A [SkillConversationIdFactory](DialogRootBot/SkillConversationIdFactory.cs) based on `IStorage` used to create and maintain conversation IDs to interact with a skill.
  - A [SkillsConfiguration](DialogRootBot/SkillsConfiguration.cs) class that can load skill definitions from the appsettings.json file.
  - A [startup](DialogRootBot/Startup.cs) class that shows how to register the different root bot components for dependency injection.
  - A [SkillController](DialogRootBot/Controllers/SkillController.cs) that handles skill responses.

- `DialogSkillBot`: this project shows a modified CoreBot that acts as a skill. It receives event and message activities from the parent bot and executes the requested tasks. This project includes:
  - An [ActivityRouterDialog](DialogSkillBot/Dialogs/ActivityRouterDialog.cs) that handles Event and Message activities coming from a parent and performs different tasks.
    - Event activities are routed to specific dialogs using the parameters provided in the `Values` property of the activity.
    - Message activities are sent to LUIS if configured and trigger the desired tasks if the intent is recognized.
  - A sample [ActivityHandler](DialogSkillBot/Bots/SkillBot.cs) that uses the `RunAsync` method on `ActivityRouterDialog`.
    
    Note: Starting in Bot Framework 4.8, the `RunAsync` method adds support to automatically send `EndOfConversation` with return values when the bot is running as a skill and the current dialog ends. It also handles reprompt messages to resume a skill where it left of.
  - A sample [SkillAdapterWithErrorHandler](DialogSkillBot/SkillAdapterWithErrorHandler.cs) adapter that shows how to handle errors, terminate the skills, send traces back to the emulator to help debugging the bot and send `EndOfConversation` messages to the parent bot with details of the error.
  - A sample [AllowedCallersClaimsValidator](DialogSkillBot/Authentication/AllowedCallersClaimsValidator.cs) that shows how to validate that the skill is only invoked from a list of allowed callers
  - A [startup](DialogSkillBot/Startup.cs) class that shows how to register the different skill components for dependency injection.
  - A [sample skill manifest](DialogSkillBot/wwwroot/manifest/dialogchildbot-manifest-1.0.json) that describes what the skill can do.

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository.

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
  ```

- Open the `SkillDialogSample.sln` solution and configure it to [start debugging with multiple processes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/debug-multiple-processes?view=vs-2019#start-debugging-with-multiple-processes).
- (Optional) Configure the LuisAppId, LuisAPIKey and LuisAPIHostName section in the [DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json](DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json) if you want to run message activities through LUIS.

You can also configure the sample to run using a Microsoft AppId and password, to do this:

- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the `DialogSkillBot` and update [DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json](DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId and password.
- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the DialogRootBot and update [DialogRootBot/appsettings.json](DialogRootBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId and password.
- Update the BotFrameworkSkills section in [DialogRootBot/appsettings.json](DialogRootBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId for the skill you created in the previous step.
- (Optionally) Add the `DialogRootBot` `MicrosoftAppId` to the `AllowedCallers` list in [DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json](DialogSkillBot/appsettings.json) 


## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.8.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`, the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` for the `DialogRootBot`

## Deploy the bots to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.
