samples/javascript_nodejs/54.teams-task-module/README.md, before:

# Teams Task Module

Bot Framework Teams Task Module sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). It shows how to fetch a Task Module from a Hero Card button and receive input from an Adaptive Card in the Task Module.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solition is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/54.teams-task-module`

1) Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```
1) Create [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework), using the current https URL you were given by running ngrok.

1) Update the `.env` configuration for the bot to use the app id and app password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the app password is referred to as the client secret in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) *This step is specific to Teams.* **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your app if from Bot Framework everywhere you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-BOT-ID>>`.
**Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`. **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app") As the `manifest.json` for this particular sample included "team" in the set of scopes, you have the additional option of including the bot in a particular Team. 

1) Run your bot at the command line:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

### Interacting with the bot

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the bot will be installed in "personal", "team" and "groupchat" scope which is why you immediately entered a one on one chat conversation with the bot. You can at mention the bot in a group chat or in a Channel in the Team you installed it in. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

You can interact with this bot by sending it a message. The bot will respond with a Hero Card with a button which will display a Task Module when clicked.  The Task Module demonstrates retrieving input from a user through a Text Block and a Submit button.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Create a bot for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

add ensure that you have enabled

samples/javascript_nodejs/54.teams-task-module/README.md, after:

# Teams Task Module

Bot Framework Teams Task Module sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). It shows how to fetch a Task Module from a Hero Card button and receive input from an Adaptive Card in the Task Module.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solition is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/54.teams-task-module`

1) Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```
1) Create [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework), using the current https URL you were given by running ngrok. Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

1) Update the `.env` configuration for the bot to use the app id and app password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the app password is referred to as the client secret in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) *This step is specific to Teams.* **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your app if from Bot Framework everywhere you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-BOT-ID>>`.
**Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`. **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app") As the `manifest.json` for this particular sample included "team" in the set of scopes, you have the additional option of including the bot in a particular Team. 

1) Run your bot at the command line:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

### Interacting with the bot

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the bot will be installed in "personal", "team" and "groupchat" scope which is why you immediately entered a one on one chat conversation with the bot. You can at mention the bot in a group chat or in a Channel in the Team you installed it in. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

You can interact with this bot by sending it a message. The bot will respond with a Hero Card with a button which will display a Task Module when clicked.  The Task Module demonstrates retrieving input from a user through a Text Block and a Submit button.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Create a bot for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
