samples/csharp_dotnetcore/14.nlp-with-orchestrator/README.md, before:

# NLP with Orchestrator

Bot Framework v4 NLP with Orchestrator bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a bot that relies on multiple [LUIS.ai](https://www.luis.ai) and [QnAMaker.ai](https://www.qnamaker.ai) models for natural language processing (NLP).

Use the Orchestrator dispatch model in cases when:

- Your bot consists of multiple language modules (LUIS + QnA) and you need assistance in routing user's utterances to these modules in order to integrate the different modules into your bot.
- Create a text classification model from text files.

## Overview

This bot uses Orchestrator to route user utterances to multiple LUIS models and QnA maker services to support multiple conversational scenarios.

## Prerequisites

| OS      | Version             | Architectures   |
| ------- | ------------------- | --------------- |
| Windows | 10 (1607+)          | ia32 (x86), x64 |
| MacOS   | 10.14+              | x64             |
| Linux   | Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 | x64             |

This sample **requires** prerequisites in order to run.
- Install latest supported version of [Visual C++ Redistributable](https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads)
- Install latest [Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)
- [.NET Core SDK](https://aka.ms/dotnet-core-applaunch?framework=Microsoft.AspNetCore.App&framework_version=3.1.0&arch=x64&rid=win10-x64) version 3.1
  
  ```bash
  > dotnet --version
  ```
- Install BF CLI with Orchestrator plugin
    ```bash
    > npm i -g @microsoft/botframework-cli
    ```
    Make sure bf orchestrator command is working and shows all available orchestrator commands
    ```bash
    > bf orchestrator
    ```

## To try this bot sample

- Clone the repository
    ```bash
    > git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```
    
- CD experimental/orchestrator/csharp_dotnetcore/01.dispatch-bot
    ```bash
    > cd experimental/orchestrator/csharp_dotnetcore/01.dispatch-bot
    ```
    
- Configure the LUIS applications (HomeAutomation and Weather) required for this sample.
    - Get your [LUIS authoring key](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/LUIS/luis-concept-keys)
    ```bash
    > bf luis:build --in CognitiveModels --authoringKey <YOUR-KEY> --botName <YOUR-BOT-NAME>
    ```
    - Update application settings in `./appsettings.json`
    
- Configure the QnA Maker KB required for this sample.
    - Get your [QnA Maker Subscription key](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/QnAMaker/how-to/set-up-qnamaker-service-azure#create-a-new-qna-maker-service)
    ```bash
    > bf qnamaker:build --in CognitiveModels --subscriptionKey <YOUR-KEY> --botName <YOUR-BOT-NAME>
    ```
    - Update kb information in `./appsettings.json`
    
- Configure Orchestrator to route utterances to LUIS/QnA language services set up above
    - Download Orchestrator base model
    ```bash
    > mkdir model
    > bf orchestrator:basemodel:get --out ./model
    ```
    - Create the Orchestrator snapshot
    ```bash
    > mkdir generated
    > bf orchestrator:create --hierarchical --in ./CognitiveModels --out ./generated --model ./model
    ```
    The *hierarchical* flag creates top level intents in the snapshot file derived from the .lu/.qna file names in the input folder.   As a result,  the example utterances are mapped to *HomeAutomation*, *QnAMaker* and *Weather* intents/labels.

    - Verify appsettings.json has the following:

       ```
      "Orchestrator": {
          "ModelFolder": ".\\model",
          "SnapshotFile": ".\\generated\\orchestrator.blu"
      }
      ```
    
- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.
    A) From a terminal

    ```bash
    > cd experimental/orchestrator/csharp_dotnetcore/01.dispatch-bot
    > dotnet run
    ```
    B) Or from Visual Studio
    - Launch Visual Studio
    - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
    - Navigate to `Orchestrator` folder
    - Select `OrchestratorSamples.sln` file
    - Right click on `01.dispatch-bot` project in the solution and 'Set as Startup Project'
    - Press `F5` to run the project

## Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Further reading
- [Dispatch Migration Example](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/blob/main/Orchestrator/docs/DispatchMigrationExample.md)
- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [BF Orchestrator Command Usage](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/blob/main/Orchestrator/docs/BFOrchestratorUsage.md)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

Fixed Orchestrator samples (#3208)
* fixed orchestrator dotnet sample

* fixed #14 js sample

* removed helper class

* Delete OrchestratorRecognizerHelper.cs

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/14.nlp-with-orchestrator/README.md, after:

# NLP with Orchestrator

Bot Framework v4 NLP with Orchestrator bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a bot that relies on multiple [LUIS.ai](https://www.luis.ai) and [QnAMaker.ai](https://www.qnamaker.ai) models for natural language processing (NLP).

Use the Orchestrator dispatch model in cases when:

- Your bot consists of multiple language modules (LUIS + QnA) and you need assistance in routing user's utterances to these modules in order to integrate the different modules into your bot.
- Create a text classification model from text files.

## Overview

This bot uses Orchestrator to route user utterances to multiple LUIS models and QnA maker services to support multiple conversational scenarios.

## Prerequisites

| OS      | Version             | Architectures   |
| ------- | ------------------- | --------------- |
| Windows | 10 (1607+)          | ia32 (x86), x64 |
| MacOS   | 10.14+              | x64             |
| Linux   | Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 | x64             |

This sample **requires** prerequisites in order to run.
- Install latest supported version of [Visual C++ Redistributable](https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads)
- Install latest [Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)
- [.NET Core SDK](https://aka.ms/dotnet-core-applaunch?framework=Microsoft.AspNetCore.App&framework_version=3.1.0&arch=x64&rid=win10-x64) version 3.1
  
  ```bash
  > dotnet --version
  ```
- Install BF CLI with Orchestrator plugin
    ```bash
    > npm i -g @microsoft/botframework-cli
    ```
    Make sure bf orchestrator command is working and shows all available orchestrator commands
    ```bash
    > bf orchestrator
    ```

## To try this bot sample

- Clone the repository
    ```bash
    > git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```
    
- CD samples\csharp_dotnetcore\14.nlp-with-orchestrator
    ```bash
    > cd samples\csharp_dotnetcore\14.nlp-with-orchestrator
    ```
    
- Configure the LUIS applications (HomeAutomation and Weather) required for this sample.
    - Get your [LUIS authoring key](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/LUIS/luis-concept-keys)
    ```bash
    > bf luis:build --in CognitiveModels --authoringKey <YOUR-KEY> --botName <YOUR-BOT-NAME>
    ```
    - Update application settings in `./appsettings.json`
    
- Configure the QnA Maker KB required for this sample.
    - Get your [QnA Maker Subscription key](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/QnAMaker/how-to/set-up-qnamaker-service-azure#create-a-new-qna-maker-service)
    ```bash
    > bf qnamaker:build --in CognitiveModels --subscriptionKey <YOUR-KEY> --botName <YOUR-BOT-NAME>
    ```
    - Update kb information in `./appsettings.json`
    
- Configure Orchestrator to route utterances to LUIS/QnA language services set up above
    - Download Orchestrator base model
    ```bash
    > mkdir model
    > bf orchestrator:basemodel:get --out ./model
    ```
    - Create the Orchestrator snapshot
    ```bash
    > mkdir generated
    > bf orchestrator:create --hierarchical --in ./CognitiveModels --out ./generated --model ./model
    ```
    The *hierarchical* flag creates top level intents in the snapshot file derived from the .lu/.qna file names in the input folder.   As a result,  the example utterances are mapped to *HomeAutomation*, *QnAMaker* and *Weather* intents/labels.

    - Verify appsettings.json has the following:

       ```
      "Orchestrator": {
          "ModelFolder": ".\\model",
          "SnapshotFile": ".\\generated\\orchestrator.blu"
      }
      ```
    
- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.
    A) From a terminal

    ```bash
    > cd samples\csharp_dotnetcore\14.nlp-with-orchestrator
    > dotnet run
    ```
    B) Or from Visual Studio
    - Launch Visual Studio
    - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
    - Navigate to `Orchestrator` folder
    - Select `OrchestratorSamples.sln` file
    - Right click on `01.dispatch-bot` project in the solution and 'Set as Startup Project'
    - Press `F5` to run the project

## Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Further reading
- [Dispatch Migration Example](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/blob/main/Orchestrator/docs/DispatchMigrationExample.md)
- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [BF Orchestrator Command Usage](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/blob/main/Orchestrator/docs/BFOrchestratorUsage.md)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
