experimental/directline-speech/javascript_nodejs/02.echo-bot/README.md, before:

# echo-bot

Bot Framework v4 echo bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple bot that accepts input from the user and echoes it back.

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 10.14 or higher

    ```bash
    # determine node version
    node --version
    ```

- In order to use the preview version of the [botbuilder-streaming-extensions](https://botbuilder.myget.org/feed/botbuilder-v4-js-daily/package/npm/botbuilder-streaming-extensions) library required to use Direct Line Speech, run the following terminal commands from the root dir of the bot:
1. npm config set registry https://botbuilder.myget.org/F/botbuilder-v4-js-daily/npm/
2. npm install
3. npm config set registry https://registry.npmjs.org/

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/02.echo-bot`

    ```bash
    cd samples/javascript_nodejs/02.echo-bot
    ```

- Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

- Start the bot

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.3.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Restify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/restify)
- [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

Commit message:

[Streaming] Update DLS Node.js Echo bot and delete DLS .netcore samples (#1905)
* update Node.js Direct Line Speech Echo bot for 4.6.0-preview2

* delete experimental/directline-speech/csharp_dotnetcore/

experimental/directline-speech/javascript_nodejs/02.echo-bot/README.md, after:

# echo-bot with Direct Line Speech

Bot Framework v4 echo bot sample with Direct Line Speech

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple bot that accepts input from the user and echoes it back.

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 10.14 or higher

    ```bash
    # determine node version
    node --version
    ```

### `botbuilder@4.6.0-preview2`

- To use the preview versions of [botbuilder](https://botbuilder.myget.org/feed/botbuilder-v4-js-daily/package/npm/botframework) and [botframework-streaming](https://botbuilder.myget.org/feed/botbuilder-v4-js-daily/package/npm/botframework-streaming) libraries required to use Direct Line Speech, you must download them from the [botbuilder-v4-js-daily MyGet feed](https://botbuilder.myget.org/gallery/botbuilder-v4-js-daily). To easily facilitate this, there is a project-level [`.npmrc`](./.npmrc) file with the `registry` already configured with `https://botbuilder.myget.org/F/botbuilder-v4-js-daily/npm/`.

Alternatively, you can run the following terminal commands from the root dir of the bot:
1. npm config set registry https://botbuilder.myget.org/F/botbuilder-v4-js-daily/npm/
2. npm install
3. npm config set registry https://registry.npmjs.org/

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- In a terminal, navigate to `experimental/directline-speech/javascript_nodejs/02.echo-bot/`

    ```bash
    cd experimental/directline-speech/javascript_nodejs/02.echo-bot/
    ```

- Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

- Start the bot

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.6.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Restify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/restify)
- [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
- [IIS 8.0 WebSocket Protocol Support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/get-started/whats-new-in-iis-8/iis-80-websocket-protocol-support)
