samples/csharp_dotnetcore/05.multi-turn-prompt/README.md, before:

# Multi-turn prompt

Bot Framework v4 multi-turn prompt bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to use the prompts classes included in `botbuilder-dialogs`.  This bot will ask for the user's name and age, then store the responses. It demonstrates a multi-turn dialog flow using a text prompt, a number prompt, and state accessors to store and retrieve values.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio:

  A) From a terminal, navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/05.multi-turn-prompt`

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/05.multi-turn-prompt` folder
  - Select `MultiTurnPromptBot.csproj` file
  - Press `F5` to run the project

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

A conversation between a bot and a user often involves asking (prompting) the user for information, parsing the user's response,
and then acting on that information. This sample demonstrates how to prompt users for information using the different prompt types
included in the [botbuilder-dialogs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-dialog?view=azure-bot-service-4.0) library
and supported by the SDK.

The `botbuilder-dialogs` library includes a variety of pre-built prompt classes, including text, number, and datetime types. This
sample demonstrates using a text prompt to collect the user's name, then using a number prompt to collect an age.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Dialogs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-dialog?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Gathering Input Using Prompts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-prompts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

Move and update csharp multi-turn-prompt adaptive sample (#2818)
* Copy current multi-turn-prompt to waterfall-dialogs folder

* Update 05.multi-turn-prompt to adaptive, based on adaptive-dialog/01.multi-turn-prompt

* Remove multi-turn-prompt bot from adaptive-dialog folder.

* Remove 'waterfall-dialogs' folder.

* Readme, comments, updates to MultiTurnPrompt

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/05.multi-turn-prompt/README.md, after:

# Multi-turn prompt

Bot Framework v4 multi-turn prompt bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to use input prompts included in `Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Dialogs.Adaptive`.  This bot will ask for the user's name and age, then store the responses. It demonstrates a multi-turn dialog flow using a Choice Input prompt, a Number Input prompt, a custom Attachment Prompt and state accessors to store and retrieve values.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio:

  A) From a terminal, navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/05.multi-turn-prompt`

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/05.multi-turn-prompt` folder
  - Select `MultiTurnPromptBot.csproj` file
  - Press `F5` to run the project

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

A conversation between a bot and a user often involves asking (prompting) the user for information, parsing the user's response,
and then acting on that information. This sample demonstrates how to prompt users for information using the different prompt types
included in the [adaptive-dialogs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-dialog?view=azure-bot-service-4.0) library
and supported by the SDK.

The `adaptive-dialogs` library includes a variety of pre-built prompt classes, including text, number, and datetime types. This
sample demonstrates using a text input prompt to collect the user's name, then using a number input prompt to collect an age, and an Attachment input prompt to collect a profile picture.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Dialogs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-dialog?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Gathering Input Using Prompts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-prompts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
