samples/javascript_nodejs/50.teams-messaging-extensions-search/README.md, before:

# Teams Messaging Extensions Search

Messaging Extensions are a special kind of Microsoft Teams application that is support by the [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com) v4.

There are two basic types of Messaging Extension in Teams: search based and action based. This sample illustrates how to
build a simple search based Messaging Extension.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solition is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/50.teams-messaging-extensions-search`

1) Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```
1) Create [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework), using the current https URL you were given by running ngrok.

1) Update the `.env` configuration for the bot to use the app id and app password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the app password is referred to as the client secret in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) *This step is specific to Teams.* **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your app if from Bot Framework everywhere you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-BOT-ID>>`.
**Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`. **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot at the command line:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Interacting with the file upload bot

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the feature will be available from both the `compose` and `commandBox` areas of Teams. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

In Teams, the command bar is located at the top of the window. When you at mention the bot what you type is forwarded (as you type) to the bot for processing. By way of illustration, this sample uses the text it receives to query the npmjs package store.

There is a secondary, drill down, event illustrated in this sample: clicking on the results from the initial query will result in the bot receiving another event.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Create a bot for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

add ensure that you have enabled

samples/javascript_nodejs/50.teams-messaging-extensions-search/README.md, after:

# Teams Messaging Extensions Search

Messaging Extensions are a special kind of Microsoft Teams application that is support by the [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com) v4.

There are two basic types of Messaging Extension in Teams: search based and action based. This sample illustrates how to
build a simple search based Messaging Extension.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solition is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) In a terminal, navigate to `samples/javascript_nodejs/50.teams-messaging-extensions-search`

1) Install modules

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```
1) Create [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework), using the current https URL you were given by running ngrok. Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

1) Update the `.env` configuration for the bot to use the app id and app password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the app password is referred to as the client secret in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) *This step is specific to Teams.* **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your app if from Bot Framework everywhere you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-BOT-ID>>`.
**Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`. **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot at the command line:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Interacting with the file upload bot

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the feature will be available from both the `compose` and `commandBox` areas of Teams. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

In Teams, the command bar is located at the top of the window. When you at mention the bot what you type is forwarded (as you type) to the bot for processing. By way of illustration, this sample uses the text it receives to query the npmjs package store.

There is a secondary, drill down, event illustrated in this sample: clicking on the results from the initial query will result in the bot receiving another event.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Create a bot for Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
