samples/csharp_dotnetcore/80.skills-simple-bot-to-bot/README.md, before:

# SimpleBotToBot Echo Skill

Bot Framework v4 skills echo sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple skill consumer (SimpleRootBot) that sends message activities to a skill (EchoSkillBot) that echoes it back.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## Key concepts in this sample

The solution includes a parent bot (`SimpleRootBot`) and a skill bot (`EchoSkillBot`) and shows how the parent bot can post activities to the skill bot and returns the skill responses to the user.

- `SimpleRootBot`: this project shows how to consume an echo skill and includes:
  - A [RootBot](SimpleRootBot/Bots/RootBot.cs) that calls the echo skill and keeps the conversation active until the user says "end" or "stop". [RootBot](SimpleRootBot/Bots/RootBot.cs) also keeps track of the conversation with the skill and handles the `EndOfConversation` activity received from the skill to terminate the conversation
  - A simple [SkillConversationIdFactory](SimpleRootBot/SkillConversationIdFactory.cs) based on an in memory `ConcurrentDictionary` that creates and maintains conversation IDs used to interact with a skill
  - A [SkillsConfiguration](SimpleRootBot/SkillsConfiguration.cs) class that can load skill definitions from `appsettings`
  - A [SkillController](SimpleRootBot/Controllers/SkillController.cs) that handles skill responses
  - An [AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator](SimpleRootBot/Authentication/AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator.cs) class that is used to authenticate that responses sent to the bot are coming from the configured skills
  - A [Startup](SimpleRootBot/Startup.cs) class that shows how to register the different skill components for dependency injection
- `EchoSkillBot`: this project shows a simple echo skill that receives message activities from the parent bot and echoes what the user said. This project includes:
  - A sample [EchoBot](EchoSkillBot/Bots/EchoBot.cs) that shows how to send EndOfConversation based on the message sent to the skill and yield control back to the parent bot
  - A sample [AllowedCallersClaimsValidator](EchoSkillBot/Authentication/AllowedCallersClaimsValidator.cs) that shows how validate that the skill is only invoked from a list of allowed callers
  - A [sample skill manifest](EchoSkillBot/wwwroot/manifest/echoskillbot-manifest-1.0.json) that describes what the skill can do

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the `EchoSkillBot` and update [EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json](EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json) with the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` of the new bot registration
- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the `SimpleRootBot` and update [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` of the new bot registration
- Update the `BotFrameworkSkills` section in [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the app ID for the skill you created in the previous step
- (Optionally) Add the `SimpleRootBot` `MicrosoftAppId` to the `AllowedCallers` list in [EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json](EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json) 
- Open the `SimpleBotToBot.sln` solution and configure it to [start debugging with multiple processes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/debug-multiple-processes?view=vs-2019#start-debugging-with-multiple-processes)


## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.7.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`, the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` for the `SimpleRootBot`

## Deploy the bots to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

Commit message:

Updated appsettings.json to have empty appIds and passwords. Removed validation for MicrosoftAppId from RootBot and MainDialog (since now this is allowed). Updated readme files to note that now appId and passwords are optional.

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/80.skills-simple-bot-to-bot/README.md, after:

# SimpleBotToBot Echo Skill

Bot Framework v4 skills echo sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple skill consumer (SimpleRootBot) that sends message activities to a skill (EchoSkillBot) that echoes it back.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 3.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## Key concepts in this sample

The solution includes a parent bot (`SimpleRootBot`) and a skill bot (`EchoSkillBot`) and shows how the parent bot can post activities to the skill bot and returns the skill responses to the user.

- `SimpleRootBot`: this project shows how to consume an echo skill and includes:
  - A [RootBot](SimpleRootBot/Bots/RootBot.cs) that calls the echo skill and keeps the conversation active until the user says "end" or "stop". [RootBot](SimpleRootBot/Bots/RootBot.cs) also keeps track of the conversation with the skill and handles the `EndOfConversation` activity received from the skill to terminate the conversation
  - A simple [SkillConversationIdFactory](SimpleRootBot/SkillConversationIdFactory.cs) based on an in memory `ConcurrentDictionary` that creates and maintains conversation IDs used to interact with a skill
  - A [SkillsConfiguration](SimpleRootBot/SkillsConfiguration.cs) class that can load skill definitions from `appsettings`
  - A [SkillController](SimpleRootBot/Controllers/SkillController.cs) that handles skill responses
  - An [AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator](SimpleRootBot/Authentication/AllowedSkillsClaimsValidator.cs) class that is used to authenticate that responses sent to the bot are coming from the configured skills
  - A [Startup](SimpleRootBot/Startup.cs) class that shows how to register the different skill components for dependency injection
- `EchoSkillBot`: this project shows a simple echo skill that receives message activities from the parent bot and echoes what the user said. This project includes:
  - A sample [EchoBot](EchoSkillBot/Bots/EchoBot.cs) that shows how to send EndOfConversation based on the message sent to the skill and yield control back to the parent bot
  - A sample [AllowedCallersClaimsValidator](EchoSkillBot/Authentication/AllowedCallersClaimsValidator.cs) that shows how validate that the skill is only invoked from a list of allowed callers
  - A [sample skill manifest](EchoSkillBot/wwwroot/manifest/echoskillbot-manifest-1.0.json) that describes what the skill can do

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- Open the `SimpleBotToBot.sln` solution and configure it to [start debugging with multiple processes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/debug-multiple-processes?view=vs-2019#start-debugging-with-multiple-processes)

You can also configure the sample to run using a Microsoft AppId and password, to do this:

- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the `EchoSkillBot` and update [EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json](EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json) with the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` of the new bot registration
- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the `SimpleRootBot` and update [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` of the new bot registration
- Update the `BotFrameworkSkills` section in [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the app ID for the skill you created in the previous step
- (Optionally) Add the `SimpleRootBot` `MicrosoftAppId` to the `AllowedCallers` list in [EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json](EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json) 

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.7.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`, the `MicrosoftAppId` and `MicrosoftAppPassword` for the `SimpleRootBot`

## Deploy the bots to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.
