samples/csharp_dotnetcore/57.teams-conversation-bot/README.md, before:

﻿
# Teams Conversation Bot

Bot Framework v4 Conversation Bot sample for Teams.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). This sample shows
how to incorporate basic conversational flow into a Teams application. It also illustrates a few of the Teams specific calls you can make from your bot.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
    - Open the solution `samples\csharp_dotnetcore\csharp_dotnetcore.sln`
    - Set the Startup Project to `TeamsConversationBot`
    - The changes specified here will apply to this project

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the Microsoft App Id and App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot

You can interact with this bot by sending it a message, or selecting a command from the command list. The bot will respond to the following strings. 

1. **Show Welcome**
  - **Result:** The bot will send the welcome card for you to interact with
  - **Valid Scopes:** personal, group chat, team chat
2. **MentionMe**
  - **Result:** The bot will respond to the message and mention the user
  - **Valid Scopes:** personal, group chat, team chat
3. **MessageAllMembers**
  - **Result:** The bot will send a 1-on-1 message to each member in the current conversation (aka on the conversation's roster).
  - **Valid Scopes:** personal, group chat, team chat

You can select an option from the command list by typing ```@TeamsConversationBot``` into the compose message area and ```What can I do?``` text above the compose area.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)

Commit message:

added proactive docs to Proactive Teams sample

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/57.teams-conversation-bot/README.md, after:

﻿
# Teams Conversation Bot

Bot Framework v4 Conversation Bot sample for Teams.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). This sample shows
how to incorporate basic conversational flow into a Teams application. It also illustrates a few of the Teams specific calls you can make from your bot.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams is installed and you have an account
- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) or equivalent tunnelling solution

## To try this sample

> Note these instructions are for running the sample on your local machine, the tunnelling solution is required because
the Teams service needs to call into the bot.

1) Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

1) If you are using Visual Studio
    - Open the solution `samples\csharp_dotnetcore\csharp_dotnetcore.sln`
    - Set the Startup Project to `TeamsConversationBot`
    - The changes specified here will apply to this project

1) Run ngrok - point to port 3978

    ```bash
    ngrok http -host-header=rewrite 3978
    ```

1) Create [Bot Framework registration resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-quickstart-registration) in Azure
    - Use the current `https` URL you were given by running ngrok. Append with the path `/api/messages` used by this sample
    - Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
    - __*If you don't have an Azure account*__ you can use this [Bot Framework registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#register-your-web-service-with-the-bot-framework)

1) Update the `appsettings.json` configuration for the bot to use the Microsoft App Id and App Password from the Bot Framework registration. (Note the App Password is referred to as the "client secret" in the azure portal and you can always create a new client secret anytime.)

1) __*This step is specific to Teams.*__
    - **Edit** the `manifest.json` contained in the  `teamsAppManifest` folder to replace your Microsoft App Id (that was created when you registered your bot earlier) *everywhere* you see the place holder string `<<YOUR-MICROSOFT-APP-ID>>` (depending on the scenario the Microsoft App Id may occur multiple times in the `manifest.json`)
    - **Zip** up the contents of the `teamsAppManifest` folder to create a `manifest.zip`
    - **Upload** the `manifest.zip` to Teams (in the Apps view click "Upload a custom app")

1) Run your bot, either from Visual Studio with `F5` or using `dotnet run` in the appropriate folder.

## Interacting with the bot

You can interact with this bot by sending it a message, or selecting a command from the command list. The bot will respond to the following strings. 

1. **Show Welcome**
  - **Result:** The bot will send the welcome card for you to interact with
  - **Valid Scopes:** personal, group chat, team chat
2. **MentionMe**
  - **Result:** The bot will respond to the message and mention the user
  - **Valid Scopes:** personal, group chat, team chat
3. **MessageAllMembers**
  - **Result:** The bot will send a 1-on-1 message to each member in the current conversation (aka on the conversation's roster).
  - **Valid Scopes:** personal, group chat, team chat

You can select an option from the command list by typing ```@TeamsConversationBot``` into the compose message area and ```What can I do?``` text above the compose area.

### Avoiding Permission-Related Errors

You may encounter permission-related errors when sending a proactive message. This can often be mitigated by using `MicrosoftAppCredentials.TrustServiceUrl()`. See [the documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-proactive-message?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp#avoiding-401-unauthorized-errors) for more information.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)
