samples/csharp_dotnetcore/46.teams-auth/README.md, before:

﻿# teams-auth bot

Bot Framework v4 bot using Teams authentication

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to get started with building a bot for Teams.

At this stage the primary focus of this sample is how to use the Bot Framework support for oauth in your bot. The reason for prioritizing this is that Teams behaves slightly differently than other channels in this regard. Specifically an Invoke Activity is sent to the bot rather than the Event Activity used by other channels. _This Invoke Activity must be forwarded to the dialog if the OAuthPrompt is being used._ This is done by subclassing the ActivityHandler and this sample includes a reusable TeamsActivityHandler. This class is a candidate for future inclusion in the Bot Framework SDK.

The Teams channel is also capable of sending Message Reaction Activities and virtual methods for these are included in the `TeamsActivityHandler`. A Message Reaction Activity references the original Activity using the replyToId. This id would have actually been the value returned from a previous Message Activity the bot had sent. This activity should also be visible through the Activity Feed in Microsoft Teams, documentation for which can be found here https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/activity-feed

The sample uses the bot authentication capabilities in [Azure Bot Service](https://docs.botframework.com), providing features to make it easier to develop a bot that authenticates users to various identity providers such as Azure AD (Azure Active Directory), GitHub, Uber, etc.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- Deploy your bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment)

- [Add Authentication to your bot via Azure Bot Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)

After Authentication has been configured via Azure Bot Service, you can test the bot.

- In a terminal, navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/46.teams-auth`
- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.

  A) From a terminal

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/46.teams-auth` folder
  - Select `TeamsAuth.csproj` file
  - Press `F5` to run the project

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.5.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Authentication

This sample uses bot authentication capabilities in Azure Bot Service.  Azure Bot Service provides features to make it easier to develop a bot that authenticates users to various identity providers such as Azure AD (Azure Active Directory), GitHub, Uber, etc. These updates also take steps towards an improved user experience by eliminating the magic code verification for some clients.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Add Authentication to Your Bot Via Azure Bot Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Microsoft Teams Developer Platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/)

Commit message:

Added instructions for testing in Teams

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/46.teams-auth/README.md, after:

﻿# teams-auth bot

Bot Framework v4 bot using Teams authentication

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to get started with building a bot for Teams.

At this stage the primary focus of this sample is how to use the Bot Framework support for oauth in your bot. The reason for prioritizing this is that Teams behaves slightly differently than other channels in this regard. Specifically an Invoke Activity is sent to the bot rather than the Event Activity used by other channels. _This Invoke Activity must be forwarded to the dialog if the OAuthPrompt is being used._ This is done by subclassing the ActivityHandler and this sample includes a reusable TeamsActivityHandler. This class is a candidate for future inclusion in the Bot Framework SDK.

The Teams channel is also capable of sending Message Reaction Activities and virtual methods for these are included in the `TeamsActivityHandler`. A Message Reaction Activity references the original Activity using the replyToId. This id would have actually been the value returned from a previous Message Activity the bot had sent. This activity should also be visible through the Activity Feed in Microsoft Teams, documentation for which can be found here https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/activity-feed

The sample uses the bot authentication capabilities in [Azure Bot Service](https://docs.botframework.com), providing features to make it easier to develop a bot that authenticates users to various identity providers such as Azure AD (Azure Active Directory), GitHub, Uber, etc.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- Deploy your bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment)

- [Add Authentication to your bot via Azure Bot Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)

After Authentication has been configured via Azure Bot Service, you can test the bot.

- In a terminal, navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/46.teams-auth`
- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.

  A) From a terminal

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/46.teams-auth` folder
  - Select `TeamsAuth.csproj` file
  - Press `F5` to run the project

## Testing the bot using Microsoft Teams

1. Ensure that you've [enabled the Teams Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/channel-connect-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
2. [Install your Bot to Teams via App Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/get-started/get-started-app-studio), ensuring that you've added `token.botframework.com` to the [Valid Domains](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/get-started/get-started-app-studio) (*Note: In App Studio, this is in `Manifest Editor > Your App > Domains and Permissions`*)

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.5.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Authentication

This sample uses bot authentication capabilities in Azure Bot Service.  Azure Bot Service provides features to make it easier to develop a bot that authenticates users to various identity providers such as Azure AD (Azure Active Directory), GitHub, Uber, etc. These updates also take steps towards an improved user experience by eliminating the magic code verification for some clients.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Add Authentication to Your Bot Via Azure Bot Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Microsoft Teams Developer Platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/)
