samples/csharp_dotnetcore/06.using-cards/README.md, before:

﻿# Using Cards

Bot Framework v4 using cards bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a bot that uses rich cards to enhance your bot design.

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```
- In a terminal, navigate to `botbuilder-samples\samples\python\02.echo-bot` folder
- Activate your desired virtual environment
- In the terminal, type `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run your bot with `python app.py`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

Most channels support rich content.  In this sample we explore the different types of rich cards your bot may use.  A key to good bot design is to send interactive media, such as Rich Cards. There are several different types of Rich Cards, which are as follows:

- Animation Card
- Audio Card
- Hero Card
- Receipt Card
- Sign In Card
- Thumbnail Card
- Video Card

When [designing the user experience](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-design-user-experience?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#cards) developers should consider adding visual elements such as Rich Cards.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Rich Cards](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-add-media-attachments?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp#send-a-hero-card)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

Port sample 06.using-cards to Adaptive dialogs (#2824)
* Update CardsBot for Adaptive dialogs.

* Update README.md

* Adding PR feedback.

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/06.using-cards/README.md, after:

﻿# Using Cards

Bot Framework v4 using cards bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a bot that uses rich cards to enhance your bot design.

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```
- From Visual Studio, open the project int the `botbuilder-samples\samples\csharp_dotnetcore\06.using-cards` folder
- Run the bot (F5)

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

Most channels support rich content.  In this sample we explore the different types of rich cards your bot may use.  A key to good bot design is to send interactive media, such as Rich Cards. There are several different types of Rich Cards, which are as follows:

- Adaptive Card
- Animation Card
- Audio Card
- Hero Card
- Sign In Card
- Thumbnail Card
- Video Card

When [designing the user experience](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-design-user-experience?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#cards) developers should consider adding visual elements such as Rich Cards.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Rich Cards](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-add-media-attachments?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp#send-a-hero-card)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
