samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.webex-adapter/README.md, before:

﻿# EchoBot using Webex Adapter

Bot Framework v4 echo bot using Webex Adapter sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple echo bot that connects with Webex to respond messages.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## To try this sample

1 - Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples.git
    ```

2 - In a terminal, navigate to `BotBuilder-Samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53. WebexAdapterBot`

3 - Connect the bot with Webex by following the instructions below.

4 - Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.

  A) From a terminal

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53. WebexAdapterBot` folder
  - Select `WebexAdapterBot.csproj` file
  - Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to run the project

5 - Using Webex Teams, search your bot by the _Bot Username_ in the contacts barTest and send a message.

### Connect the bot with Webex

1 - Create an Account in [Webex](https://www.webex.com/).

2 - Create a new app (bot) in [Webex Team] (https://developer.webex.com/my-apps).

_**Note**: When clicking in the `Add bot` button, the bot's credentials will be generated._

3 - Copy the _Access Token_ and the _Bot Username_ from the Dashboard. These credentials will be needed to connect the bot to Webex.

4 - Using a tunneling tool like [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com/download), expose the bot's endpoint.

5 - Create/Update the webhooks for messages and attachment for the bot using https://developer.webex.com/docs/api/v1/webhooks 
    (TODO: need detailed documentation here)

6 - Set the credentials in the botConfigure the Messaging Webhook with the https URL generated in the previous step adding '/api/messages' to it.

7 - Back in the bot project, set the credentials in _appsettings.json_.

    WebexAccessToken (the one obtained in step 3)
    WebexPublicAddress (the url obtained in step 4)
    WebexSecret (can be any random secret. You set it when you create the Webhook)
    WebexWebhookName (The one created in step 5)


## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Restify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/restify)
- [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

Commit message:

Update README file with detailed instructions

samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.webex-adapter/README.md, after:

﻿# Webex Adapter

Bot Framework v4 echo bot using Webex Adapter sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple echo bot that connects with Webex to respond messages.

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- In a terminal, navigate to `BotBuilder-Samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53. WebexAdapterBot`

- Connect the bot with Webex by following the instructions below.

- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.

  A) From a terminal

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53. WebexAdapterBot` folder
  - Select `WebexAdapterBot.csproj` file
  - Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to run the project

- Using Webex Teams, search your bot by the _Bot Username_ in the contacts barTest and send a message.

### Connect the bot with Webex

1 - Create an Account in [Webex](https://www.webex.com/).

2 - Create a new app (bot) in [Webex Team] (https://developer.webex.com/my-apps).

_**Note**: When clicking in the `Add bot` button, the bot's credentials will be generated._

3 - Copy the _Access Token_ from the Dashboard. This credential will be needed to connect the bot to Webex.

4 - Using a tunneling tool like [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com/download), expose the bot's endpoint.

5 - Create/Update the webhooks for messages and attachments for the bot using https://developer.webex.com/docs/api/v1/webhooks 

    Complete the form with the following data:
        - Authorization: Complete with the WebexAccessToken (the one obtained in step 3)
        - Name: Choose a name for the Webhook
        - TargetUrl: Complete with the https url generated in step 4 adding '/api/messages' to it
        - Resource: Complete with 'messages' or 'attachmentActions'
        - Event: Complete with 'all'
        - Secret: Complete with any random secret.
    Click the Run button

6 - Back in the bot project, set the credentials in _appsettings.json_.

    WebexAccessToken (the one obtained in step 3)
    WebexPublicAddress (the url obtained in step 4)
    WebexSecret (the one set for the Webhook)
    WebexWebhookName (The one created in step 5)


## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Restify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/restify)
- [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
