samples/java_springboot/14.nlp-with-dispatch/README.md, before:

# NLP with Dispatch

Bot Framework v4 NLP with Dispatch bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a bot that relies on multiple [LUIS.ai](https://www.luis.ai) and [QnAMaker.ai](https://www.qnamaker.ai) models for natural language processing (NLP).

Use the Dispatch model in cases when:

- Your bot consists of multiple language modules (LUIS + QnA) and you need assistance in routing user's utterances to these modules in order to integrate the different modules into your bot.
- Evaluate quality of intents classification of a single LUIS model.
- Create a text classification model from text files.

This sample is a Spring Boot app and uses the Azure CLI and azure-webapp Maven plugin to deploy to Azure.

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8+
- Install [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- An account on [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) if you want to deploy to Azure.

### Use Dispatch with Multiple LUIS and QnA Models

To learn how to configure Dispatch with multiple LUIS models and QnA Maker services, refer to the steps found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-tutorial-dispatch?view=azure-bot-service-4.0).


## To try this sample locally
- From the root of this project folder:
  - Build the sample using `mvn package`
  - Run it by using `java -jar .\target\nlp-with-dispatch-sample.jar`

- Test the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

  [Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

  - Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.3.0 or greater from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

  - Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

    - Launch Bot Framework Emulator
    - File -> Open Bot
    - Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Deploy the bot to Azure

As described on [Deploy your bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli), you will perform the first 4 steps to setup the Azure app, then deploy the code using the azure-webapp Maven plugin.

### 1. Login to Azure
From a command (or PowerShell) prompt in the root of the bot folder, execute:  
`az login`
  
### 2. Set the subscription
`az account set --subscription "<azure-subscription>"`

If you aren't sure which subscription to use for deploying the bot, you can view the list of subscriptions for your account by using `az account list` command. 

### 3. Create an App registration
`az ad app create --display-name "<botname>" --password "<appsecret>" --available-to-other-tenants`

Replace `<botname>` and `<appsecret>` with your own values.

`<botname>` is the unique name of your bot.  
`<appsecret>` is a minimum 16 character password for your bot. 

Record the `appid` from the returned JSON

### 4. Create the Azure resources
Replace the values for `<appid>`, `<appsecret>`, `<botname>`, and `<groupname>` in the following commands:

#### To a new Resource Group
`az deployment sub create --name "echoBotDeploy" --location "westus" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-new-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" botSku=S1 newAppServicePlanName="echoBotPlan" newWebAppName="echoBot" groupLocation="westus" newAppServicePlanLocation="westus"` 

#### To an existing Resource Group
`az deployment group create --resource-group "<groupname>" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" newWebAppName="echoBot" newAppServicePlanName="echoBotPlan" appServicePlanLocation="westus" --name "echoBot"`

### 5. Update app id and password
In src/main/resources/application.properties update 
  - `MicrosoftAppPassword` with the botsecret value
  - `MicrosoftAppId` with the appid from the first step

### 6. Deploy the code
- Execute `mvn clean package` 
- Execute `mvn azure-webapp:deploy -Dgroupname="<groupname>" -Dbotname="<botname>"`

If the deployment is successful, you will be able to test it via "Test in Web Chat" from the Azure Portal using the "Bot Channel Registration" for the bot.

After the bot is deployed, you only need to execute #6 if you make changes to the bot.


## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Using LUIS for Language Understanding](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-v4-luis?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=js)
- [LUIS documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/LUIS/)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [.NET Core CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/?tabs=netcore2x)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

[Samples][Java] Fix disparities of 14.nlp-with-dispatch sample (#3223)
* Remove temporal files

* Add missing copyright

* Remove bots folder

* Update index.html

* Add package-info.java

* Remove extra space

* Update DispatchBot.java

* Update README.md

* Fix mandatory need for keys

* Update variable name

* Update README.md

* Fix typo in comment

Co-authored-by: Victor <victor@grycuk.net>

samples/java_springboot/14.nlp-with-dispatch/README.md, after:

# NLP with Dispatch

Bot Framework v4 NLP with Dispatch bot sample

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a bot that relies on multiple [LUIS.ai](https://www.luis.ai) and [QnAMaker.ai](https://www.qnamaker.ai) models for natural language processing (NLP).

Use the Dispatch model in cases when:

- Your bot consists of multiple language modules (LUIS + QnA) and you need assistance in routing user's utterances to these modules in order to integrate the different modules into your bot.
- Evaluate quality of intents classification of a single LUIS model.
- Create a text classification model from text files.

This sample is a Spring Boot app and uses the Azure CLI and azure-webapp Maven plugin to deploy to Azure.

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8+
- Install [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- An account on [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) if you want to deploy to Azure.

### Overview

This bot uses the Dispatch service to route utterances as it demonstrates the use of multiple LUIS models and QnA maker services to support multiper conversational scenarios.

### Use Dispatch with Multiple LUIS and QnA Models

To learn how to configure Dispatch with multiple LUIS models and QnA Maker services, refer to the steps found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-tutorial-dispatch?view=azure-bot-service-4.0).


## To try this sample
- From the root of this project folder:
  - Build the sample using `mvn package`
  - Run it by using `java -jar .\target\nlp-with-dispatch-sample.jar`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

  - Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

Once you are comfortable with the concepts presented in this sample, you may want to configure Dispatch using a CLI tool.  [Dispatch CLI](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-tools/tree/master/packages/Dispatch) is a CLI tool that enables you to create a dispatch NLP model across the different LUIS applications and/ or QnA Maker Knowledge Bases you have for your bot.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

As described on [Deploy your bot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli), you will perform the first 4 steps to setup the Azure app, then deploy the code using the azure-webapp Maven plugin.

### 1. Login to Azure
From a command (or PowerShell) prompt in the root of the bot folder, execute:  
`az login`

### 2. Set the subscription
`az account set --subscription "<azure-subscription>"`

If you aren't sure which subscription to use for deploying the bot, you can view the list of subscriptions for your account by using `az account list` command. 

### 3. Create an App registration
`az ad app create --display-name "<botname>" --password "<appsecret>" --available-to-other-tenants`

Replace `<botname>` and `<appsecret>` with your own values.

`<botname>` is the unique name of your bot.  
`<appsecret>` is a minimum 16 character password for your bot. 

Record the `appid` from the returned JSON

### 4. Create the Azure resources
Replace the values for `<appid>`, `<appsecret>`, `<botname>`, and `<groupname>` in the following commands:

#### To a new Resource Group
```
az deployment sub create --name "dispatchBotDeploy" --location "westus" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-new-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" botSku=S1 newAppServicePlanName="dispatchBotPlan" newWebAppName="dispatchBot" groupLocation="westus" newAppServicePlanLocation="westus"
```

#### To an existing Resource Group
```
az deployment group create --resource-group "<groupname>" --template-file ".\deploymentTemplates\template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<appid>" appSecret="<appsecret>" botId="<botname>" newWebAppName="dispatchBot" newAppServicePlanName="dispatchBotPlan" appServicePlanLocation="westus" --name "dispatchBot"
```

### 5. Update app id and password
In src/main/resources/application.properties update 
  - `MicrosoftAppPassword` with the botsecret value
  - `MicrosoftAppId` with the appid from the first step

### 6. Deploy the code
- Execute `mvn clean package` 
- Execute `mvn azure-webapp:deploy -Dgroupname="<groupname>" -Dbotname="<bot-app-service-name>"`

If the deployment is successful, you will be able to test it via "Test in Web Chat" from the Azure Portal using the "Bot Channel Registration" for the bot.

After the bot is deployed, you only need to execute #6 if you make changes to the bot.


## Further reading

- [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [Maven Plugin for Azure App Service](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-maven-plugins/tree/develop/azure-webapp-maven-plugin)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Using LUIS for Language Understanding](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-v4-luis?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp)
- [LUIS documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/LUIS/)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Azure for Java cloud developers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/java/?view=azure-java-stable)
- [Language Understanding using LUIS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
